README.md, before:

Web Text Adventure Engine
---------

The Web Text Adventure Engine is my attempt to create a text based game engine that runs in the browser.

The goals of this project are as follows:

1. Give the user a terminal like environment to run the game in (for that retro old school feel)
2. Provide a basic set of commands the user can input
    1. Directions: North, South, East, West, Up, Down
    2. Interactions: Look, examine, talk, take, drop, use, open
    3. Various help screens explaining how the game works, accessible through 'help' or '?'
4. Provide an RPG like character creation, leveling, and combat system
5. Allow for easy creation of new games (stories?) through the use of easy to edit XML files. No programming required.
6. Allow for custom, advanced commands and events

The engine is, at the moment, in the very early planning stages, and is still be experimented on by myself, so don't be
surprised if a lot of the above isn't in place yet.

How to Run
-------

Simply clone the repository, and open index.html in your favorite browser.

You can also play the current working build (with my terribly cliche test module, Terror of the Northern Mountains) here: http://wtae.polar-citadel.com/

[![Bitdeli Badge](https://d2weczhvl823v0.cloudfront.net/jcerise/wtae/trend.png)](https://bitdeli.com/free "Bitdeli Badge")

Commit message:

Updated readme with node instructions

README.md, after:

Web Text Adventure Engine
---------

The Web Text Adventure Engine is my attempt to create a text based game engine that runs in the browser.

The goals of this project are as follows:

1. Give the user a terminal like environment to run the game in (for that retro old school feel)
2. Provide a basic set of commands the user can input
    1. Directions: North, South, East, West, Up, Down
    2. Interactions: Look, examine, talk, take, drop, use, open
    3. Various help screens explaining how the game works, accessible through 'help' or '?'
4. Provide an RPG like character creation, leveling, and combat system
5. Allow for easy creation of new games (stories?) through the use of easy to edit XML files. No programming required.
6. Allow for custom, advanced commands and events

The engine is, at the moment, in the very early planning stages, and is still be experimented on by myself, so don't be
surprised if a lot of the above isn't in place yet.

How to Run
-------

Simply clone the repository, and open index.html in your favorite browser.

WTAE can also be run as a simple Node application by running 
```
node server.js
```

You can also play the current working build (with my terribly cliche test module, Terror of the Northern Mountains) here: http://wtae.polar-citadel.com/

[![Bitdeli Badge](https://d2weczhvl823v0.cloudfront.net/jcerise/wtae/trend.png)](https://bitdeli.com/free "Bitdeli Badge")
